Update the Evidence pattern a bit (#133)
kowainik/kowainik.github.io: posts/2020-08-17-haskell-mini-patterns.md

__Evidence__ pattern. Here we would like to add only a short overview
with a small example.

For our example, let's have a look at the function that sorts a

> list. Its type in Haskell can look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list. Its type in Haskell looks like this:
```

```haskell
sort :: Ord a => [a] -> [a]
```

By sorting a list, we gained a knowledge that now all elements in the
list are in the increasing (or decreasing) order. But the type of a

> sorted list is the same as the type of an any other list. So there's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sorted list is the same as the type of any other list. So there is
```

no way to know in advance, whether a list is sorted or not.

Fortunately, this problem can be solved. We are going to follow
[Newtype](#newtype) and [Smart constructor](#smart-constructor)
patterns:

```haskell
newtype SortedList a = SortedList [a]

sort :: Ord a => [a] -> SortedList a
```

> 👩‍🔬 It is possible to use more sophisticated techniques (such as
> dependent types) to ensure that the list is sorted by construction,
> but this approach has its own pros and cons.

By wrapping the list into the newtype we record (and can provide

> later) an _evidence_ of list sorting. It may be important to have this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
later) an _evidence_ of the list elements order. It may be important to have this
```

knowledge, because if you know that the list is sorted, you can

> implement some functions more efficiently that for ordinary lists, e.g::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implement some functions more **efficiently** than for the ordinary lists, e.g.:
```
